added the dependency diagram (#120)
solid/solidos: README.md

Let's take a look at an architecture diagram of SolidOS:
![SolidOS architectural overview](documentation/architecture.svg)

> A colorful dependency tree can also be seen next:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A colorful dependency tree can be seen here:
```
